these three children have the faces of
angels and the destructive power of
demons they messed with the nuns a lot
of time everyone were terrified by their
jokes people in the orphanage hope they
can leave the place asap at the time
someone came to apply for adoption the
black sister told the abbot to hide the
other children that couple could only
choose one of three children mo curly
larry they finally decided to adopt mo
but mo could not leave his good brothers
the boy wants his parents to also adopt
the other two their bromance was very
huge but they brought mo back and
adopted another child teddy from then on
no one adopted those three boys they
were like a family and lived together in
the orphanage even though they're grown
up their personalities are still like
children they messed up things every day
they were lazy and refused to work they
carry tools and climb to the roof to fix
the bell but they were not being careful
they dropped the bell the bell fell on a
glasses wearing none
when they went to the abbot they
received bad news the orphanage
currently did not have much money and no
one came here to adopt their child
anymore if they could not make 830 000
in 30 days they'll have to close the
orphanage the three boys immediately
raised their hands they said they could
solve the money problem immediately they
went on a bicycle surely it would be
impossible for them how can they
possibly make 830 000 in a month they
think that if they scream loudly they
will get a high-paying job unexpectedly
that really happened a curly-haired girl
said that her husband has a terminal
illness he is very miserable the girl
wanted them to kill him in the evening
curly when the man did not notice he
pushed the man out into the street the
man was hit by a car and flew away and
he was crushed by another car after that
he endured many terrifying tortures
[Music]
the girl was furious that man was not
the target of assassination that was her
boyfriend luckily that he did not die
they thought that if he didn't die they
would not get paid so they went to the
hospital they disguised themselves as
women and sneakily went to find their
target's room the man in the room was
stunned when he saw these three idiots
unexpectedly they brought out
firecrackers when he was hiding the man
hurriedly said that he was cured and
they no longer needed to kill him he
wanted to get rid of these three unlucky
guys they caused big troubles and still
did not make any money suddenly they met
teddy because of the adoption mo did not
want to let teddy help them with money
they took out the 72 given by the abbot
and started planning to get rich no one
would have expected someone to grow fish
on the grass they think that if they
water them and let them dry in the sun
more fish will be born the police
arrived they had to left the fish garden
and ran away
curly and larry scolded mo if he were
adopted before he would have the money
to help the orphanage then mo has not
yet told everyone that he was still in
the orphanage because of them mo was
angry
do
to go inside unexpectedly this was the
lion's cave seeing that the lion was
chained the man teased the lion curly
and larry helped the dolphin and the
peanut was shot out it hit the lion's
sensitive parts the lion pounced angrily
and the iron chain was broken curly and
larry want to ask for money from teddy's
dad although they did not get the money
they found out about two facts they
learned about moe's adoption in the past
and the story about the curly-haired
girl and her boyfriend
it turned out that the girl was teddy's
wife and the man was teddy's good friend
they rushed to find mo to make up with
him the three of them didn't want teddy
to be deceived they broke into teddy's
wedding anniversary the wife saw three
idiots were making a riot she
immediately told her boyfriend to come
and took them out teddy was drugged what
my best friend betrayed me teddy's
father raised his gun he didn't have to
save teddy he was the one who arranged
everything after teddy's mother passed
away she left all her possessions to
teddy they did not want strangers to
know this they drove a car to where
there were no people to talk to but they
fell into the water
curly farted moe took that opportunity
to push everyone to float to the surface
after being saved three idiots wanted to
ask teddy for money to help the
orphanage but teddy felt he became like
this because of the orphanage he didn't
want to help them anymore the three were
depressed they thought the orphanage
would be closed but when they returned
they discovered that the place had
changed drastically it turned out the
director gave them the money he felt
that the other two were also talented he
wanted to sign contracts with the three
of them so eventually the three idiots
actually saved the orphanage